We will now do Phase 2: Dynamic Layouts that only show relevant things.

We can hotload grids to achieve this. Please keep in mind that the more we have to "load" at the same time, the laggier poptracker gets. So, for example, we already split the entire previous dungeon_maps.json into 7 separate files holding the original tab headers (Johto Routes, Johto Cities, etc).

I want you to announce and propose what you do before you do it. Essentially lay out the plan.

Step 1: Tabs. Dynamically change the shown tabs, hiding when a specific tab is no longer applicable: "Routing" when no ER category is enabled, Flooded Mine, Restored Route 23, Underground East-West, Silver Cave. It might be worth it to split Silver Cave into a new tab on its own.

Step 2: Item Grids. This already changes with Johto Only but even then it is the "maximum" grid. Some items may have no logically relevancy with certain options and should be turned off. Examples: Phone Card, Map Card, Battle Tier Items, Bicycle, Tea. The EncEvo tab should be left untouched. The "Other" tab will depend on Unown Hunt as a goal, Blue Card Shop randomisation and Kurt Shop randomisation.

I want a separate "Goal" layout which should be between Items & Events. It will only hold the goal-relevant items and events. For example, when Goal "E4" is turned on, it shows just the "Become Champ". If "Lance requires E4" is added also add the four E4-events to that. "Unown hunt Goal" should add the 4 "Unlocked Unowns..."-events next to the corresponding tiles and the "Fullfill goal". Same with the Rocket events, rival. When they're only relevant to the goal, they will not be shown in any layout except the goal layout. If they can be relevant outside goal, they will show in the normal event / item grid.
Here's a short list of what I believe is relevant for the different goals:
Elite 4: Become Champ (+ the four elite 4 events if it's required)
Red: Just Red
Rival: The Rival Events
Team Rocket: the Team Rocket Events
Unown Hunt Goal: The "Release Unown"... events next to the tile-items, also add the new "Unown Seen" and "Unowns Caught" icon there.
Diploma: Just Diploma-Event
Battle Tower: Battle Tower Tier Unlocks, Battle Tower Uber Pass.

This can of course permutate since the goals can be activated in permutation. We need to create a lot of layout files I believe but the function should run relatively efficient with not a lot of hard coded stuff.

For the Event Grid, hide the events as they are hidden in the locations.jsonc file (minus the show_-condition). So for example, hidde Copycat if Copycat isn't vanilla.

Step 3: Tools. The three numbers should only show when it's a Co-Op Slot (there is a detection mechanism for it). "Show Signs" only when Unown Hunt is enabled, "Show Entrances" only with any Entrance shuffled, "Show Grass" with Grasssanity enabled. The "Auto mark Shop" only when any Shopsanity is on. You can also make this layout "prettier" because it's a bit messy.

Overall, we should try to stick 6 rows. Lay out Step 1 first since it should be fully separate from the other steps.